# **sspc**: Skyward Sword Practice Codes

This is the source code for [Skyward Sword Practice Codes](https://shoutplenty.tk/ss/pc). It's written in Gecko for the cheat engine used by GameCube/Wii emulators/loaders, with some snippets written in the assembly (asm) language of those systems.

## Release
The codes themselves and all help material are published at <https://shoutplenty.tk/ss/pc>.

## Collab
I hope for this to become a collaborative project. I'll review pull requests and discuss works on the [Skyward Sword discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/fa5kpVa). I've done my best to document things in comments and in the docs folder.

## Dependencies
The only dependency is on [pyiiasmh](https://code.google.com/archive/p/pyiiasmh/), an asm encoder, required only to build asm codes. This itself requires Python 2 to be installed. It should be extracted into a folder called `/pyiiasmh` located in the root directory of the project.

## Build Tools
**encode.py**: a Python 3 script that builds the full codes. Run it from a command line followed by a word with letters a,d,g, which instruct it to:
* **a**: build the asm codes by calling `assemble.sh`;
* **d**: build the result into Dolphin .ini format;
* **g**: build the result into .gct format for Nintendont.

E.g. `python encode.py agd` (uses `gd` if no word specified). It builds all codes present in `/src`, resolving all references to asm files in `/build-asm` (which may be stale if `a` is not specified), with results stored in `/build`.

**assemble.sh**: a Bash script that builds all asm codes from `/src-asm` into `/build-asm` by calling pyiiasmh. The line calling pyiiasmh is Windows-specific (for Git Bash), but can be edited to the relevant Python 2 command on Unix systems.

## Directories
**build**: (generated by encode.py). Stores resultant Gecko codes.  
**build-asm**: (generated by assemble.sh). Stores generated asm codes for inclusion.  
**demo**: examples not built by the project.  
**docs**: project documentation.  
**pyiiasmh**: (provided by user). Asm encoder used by assemble.sh.  
**src**: all Gecko codes to be built.  
**src-asm**: all asm codes to be built and referenced by Gecko codes.  